so I thought of a
fun
activity and that activity
is looking at the structure of
mathematics so one of my favorite
websites on the Internet is called o.org
it's called the online encyclopedia of
integer sequences it's been around since
the Civil Rights
Movement over 60 years well about 60
years now and you could type in 1 2 3 4
5 the positive integers also called the
natural numbers simple sequence okay I
can type in 2 3 4
two let's say
uh
runs interesting who knows what that
means anyways the one that we're going
to look up is
a1429 and we're going to basically be
figuring
out what this means it goes one then two
then five then 13 then 33 89 well that's
going to be the topic of my next video
actually what we're doing today is
something different what we're doing
today is that in
these
Pages there is
sometimes there's cross refs but there
is
not hold
on so I already sort of got started with
this but basically what I'm going to do
is so I guess we'll have to write a Rex
because what I was originally looking at
let's take a simple sequence like
uh why is my
computer running so hot okay we take
this let's try to find the cross
refs this is a long one
[Music]
okay
so so what we need to do is
so we get a vector of strings from the
xra field for
each
um okay so the first thing we're going
to do is I found this repository called
dlm and I thought maybe it would be cool
to
um did I I did download the code so
we're going to add add folder to
workspace
dlm I wanted to look at this and just
see if I could add a new command line
argument for a file name field or I
don't know how I want to do this I
really don't want to do this honestly oh
my God why is my computer running so
ungodly
slow something horrible has
happened okay
well the thing is I've used it before to
do something else but it actually worked
in that case what is Dev containers what
the [__] is this
dude this is not
relevant all right [__] it you know what
so what I'm going to do
instead
is so we did that
okay make Ur txt do so we're going to
move all that there and then here I'm
just going to delete
this we're going to delete all
this okay
so I'm just going to use GPT for this
because this is not really the
interesting part of this code
um R script that reads a file url. txt
and
um let's see what what exactly do I want
to
say
um wow why is my computer so slow dude I
got to look at task manager this is
horrible I don't remember streaming
being this bad
though
see this is the thing like why the [__]
is this anti-malware thing
running then all this [__] I don't
even know what this
is I guess I guess rust analyzer is
doing a whole bunch of [__] now
um so actually
instead why don't we just do Nam set
txt dude what is going
on it's like burning me up bro
br
all right let's just [__] do it come
on come on come on come on hopefully
it doesn't take too
long
dude what is my guy doing
bro what is going
on holy
[__]
I feel like OBS Studio didn't used
to it's probably because I'm running
this
background
thing whatever I don't give a [__] I
don't give a
[__]
wait
okay I don't actually care if it works
or
not you know I asked on this forum for
OAS I don't think I ever got a response
but I was like Hey would it be cool if I
just casually you know made 300,000 HTTP
requests to the OAS server cuz I I asked
I was like is there a bulk download for
the full Json and no one really got back
to
me so I said I'm going to do what I
want and I mean I asked this back
in last year
long time
ago
I feel like compilation doesn't take
this long
usually man what is it
doing what are you
doing
okay
cool wow that's really
slow
why is there a
greeting okay cool dude this is not fast
enough
for
okay I just want to see how long it'll
take to do 100 of these I mean we have
400,000 to
do
okay so it took about 30 seconds for
100 let's try
it rename to
um oh is it because I'm streaming there
I don't really care about comments right
now I just want to do this thing it'll
be way cooler when we can actually look
at the
graph
oh is there an eror there's probably
that
eror
okay
maybe Windows is just
slow is it
running
I don't even know what it's doing it
seems like it's
hung
h
[Music]
bro I don't know
that's
I don't want to do the
math 300
3,000 holy
[__] it take a day
right right where all does this get
used in the
downloader compute file name from
disposition what the [__] is the
disposition header
bro
[Music]
sweet
POS oh my strings are going to get
oily shame dog what what a
[Music]
guy
sweet
wait
sweet [__] I can't sing and do it at the
same same
[Music]
time
sweetest uh
[Music]
sish I I don't
know
[Music]
all right I think I can figure this
out basically what I want to do is I
want to add a command line argument for
file
names
what you
do is you check the length of the file
names file is the
same
it's not that long of a
pile Oh it's probably in here okay let
me read
this
Sweet
Disposition
for
I'm just going to ask gpg to do it it's
not like this is super [__]
important
Del
Limited
Sweet
[Music]
Disposition
[__] okay we'll call it
f got a cool wake upake wake up
[Music]
yeah oh my God okay.org this is not so
hard I'm I'm just being a
b all right fine
org.org
what
for
are you not allowed to do
that is that like more
breaking I don't I don't
know
okay so
then how does Main work
oh
um wait it's an option stre yeah it is
an option
string mybe
got
it's a better name name file okay so you
get this
thing wait why does it
return oh yeah why did it say that it
returns
nothing
why does it say that it returns nothing
that's oh there we go for some reason it
was doing the wrong
thing
okay if but
some
um
wait where does it actually read
the oh it's doing some fancy
[__] so how do we so how does it pass
line stream line stream line stream for
each
concurrent what is a line
stream a
bro okay how long is this all
right
and then in
here so here it needs to
pass
um
disposition all right so
um [__]
okay let's see how long can I put it put
this in I don't
know okay so I think I'm going to
do option a pointer of stir so we're
going to do this we're going to
say found
name option pointer to
stir
okay so the first thing I'm going to do
I think is just tell
it
is it called file name what did I call
[Music]
sweet
Broski said
what
okay
wait wait wait wait wait if let some
it's just a custom file name which is
equal to file name okay otherwise it's
that
dot
let's just say that this
works
bro
what file name with extension
what does that even
mean
it's the first of the
month
okay so this is all just [__] trying
to get the [__] not whatever but
here okay if it exists we do all that
okay
but
otherwise it should use
this no I think it's going to fail cuz
what the [__] is temp
name okay all right so
now um
for
let's see I I hope it Works cuz
I it's the first of the
month
bro mismatch line count I bet that
doesn't even
exist input line
what
why would it just rename that I don't
like
that
for
what the hell I've never seen that
before
ever it's the first of the
month wait what was I looking at chat
gbt
[Music]
okay I have
a I knew
it why would it do that
dude
I don't think this part is going to work
at all
dude existing progress bar okay
so where's this progress bar [__] so it
goes to the
await
line okay setup setup setup setup line
stream okay so
here
to this
await word get INF
umbly
wait got so [__] annoying how we have
to do
this I'm not writing this code myself
what am I an
[__] oh okay I see
it it's the first of the
month we need an index
huh I don't know where that's coming
from
but
for
what is going
on
what oh my [__]
God just doesn't understand and I don't
care
watch it's going to recommend I just
clone
it okay let's try to do
this I just want to hard to get excited
about solving this problem because this
is not the problem that I want to solve
like I really do not care about this at
all
wait
holy [__]
dude all I want to do is download these
files I don't know
why Why didn't mine
work cuz I just feel like this is
definitely not going to be
right okay maybe maybe it will be
okay
line stream for each concurrent Max
concurrent downloads link res we're not
giving it a tuple anymore I
guess
oh
God
can I do
that
okay what is the for each concurrent
close this needs to
close
there so we have an extra extra one
or what's going
on
[Music]
it's
different
is it an
arc okay at least it's an
[Music]
arc there's just no way this is
right
[Music]
this is why I hate writing
code it's not fun dude it's just
like the compiler telling
you I guarantee is not going to work but
you know
what if it's fast dude if it's [__]
fast bro I don't even give a
[__]
what oh wait wait wait oh
wait
let's see where do I actually do the
index
[Music]
Okay match link
Rez why is link Rez what even is link
res how does it know it's a u
size
I pretty much guarantee that's not going
to
work let's
see Dash F nice
okay okay so now we just need to make
the file names
file
[__]
why is it so hard to write any
code this didn't
work don't know why it didn't work but
didn't
work does anyone actually like writing
this
code I think it's
[__]
[__] oh
okay so now what we can do is we can do
this
dasi um
url. TX url. txt
d-f uh f file names.txt
D
seeks DM
16 [__]
what
bro okay
there's wait this is what I
want
wait
what I must have done some
[__] uh make URLs txt okay so we're
going
to do
this
what in God's name is
happening
oh what the
[__] oh my
God
wait but it should what does the code
do
so I don't understand why there isn't
more of them
though
is it not a
space do they like randomly switch it to
be tabs or something stupid like
that where does it check out it checks
out
at dude what the [__] is GPT
doing just shut the [__] up how
about dude this project was supposed to
be so
easy because there's so many goddamn
sequen 2641
26419 six way up there
264 26
for
how long is
this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 so zero do dot 7 does
that include it let's
[Music]
see boy boy wait but can we go to
actually one of these stupid ones where
it's like
um okay let's go to the
end can we actually go to
this
huh
this totally [__] dude this these
guys just have allocated they're just
like all right this is for you bro you
can have this
one it's not even a table there's
nothing there okay well I don't care so
we're going to say
get 0 do
do7 and we're going
to
collect return do
unwrap we assume there's a [__] ID
there bro and then this is nothing thing
that
unwrap and it's a
string it's not a veck of it's just a
stir
what holy [__] what is the type of this
thing tell me the type of
this this
returns
you
happy
okay what is
happening who
knows
can I just run it now this should
work I will be completely
shocked if this thing only goes up to
okay
cool
so many problems 369
689 369
six is it because of
the 89 is this
93 yeah okay so we just need to chop off
these dumbass [__] starting
points all
right
oh my
God where is this error coming from
bro
okay where does it do that checking it
should not do that
checking it should not even do that
checking that's the
point so fetch file name extension where
does that get
called This is in downloader where does
this get
called
I don't know what the [__] a raw link
is
but
for
please just let me do what I
want
[Music]
okay
for
okay I want to try it one more time we
need
to
[__] can I just do
this bro writing code is like so [__]
annoying
I can't believe people are software
software Engineers I [__] hate
writing
code so
stupid it's literally not even
fun God where is that coming
from
for
how is it still running
that holy
[__]
it's
let's do one for right
now oh do I have to do like a log thing
how is
it how oh oh bro I'm actually dumb as
[__] is that how you do it okay hold on
I'm dumb because I first need to
rebuild
a I don't know
how you do
this did I just want this to work like
give me the [__]
sequences okay is it going to print it
out oh they're none why are they
none
hello all right so now we got
to what the
[__]
of course you got to rebuild it
and it takes a million years to
build okay well that is the
problem
we're not trying to go to the Moon we're
trying to study
mathematics
of course errors errors errors errors I
don't give a [__] about
errors yeah of course where is
it God
damn can't do anything it's like Grimes
in her
paperwork
you can't actually do anything because
you're just doing paperwork all
day
nice okay so that's
good now remains to be seen whether or
not we will get
to wait did we get a
sequence
wait I might have done
it let's go guys holy
[__] nice yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes let's
go
so this should only take an
hour or it should
take about an hour and a
half I don't know if I can actually do
that many number of Cor
this is pretty
sweet hopefully they don't throttle me
that would be so [__]
up I'm going to release this a data set
because okay let's say the average is 1
kilobyte that would be 300,000 kiloby
that's 300 Megs I can find somewhere to
host that if I zip that up I could
probably just put it on GitHub as a
release I've done that so many times it
it works so well they'll just host a big
ass file for
you you just pretend it's like a a like
a
[Music]
binary
we're going to have to do something to
filter out all these ones that don't
even have
a don't have a
um yeah so can we go to Let's duplicate
this and look at the chase
duplicate po
pop all right so this doesn't have it
has a number but there's no data so if
the data is the empty string then we're
just going to filter that out cuz it
doesn't even have a
[Music]
sequence what time is it it's 3
six
[Music]
okay
already 6
p.m.
all
right okay let's see how far are we into
this
thing I can't believe I got this working
I'm not going to lie I cannot believe I
got this
working name
it's just a generating function that's
the name of
it Point care series or Molen series for
mod 2 cohomology of M
sub silly goose how can I can I just I
don't want to see
that yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
a = 1 a n n * 20 to the dude what even
is
that what even is
that dude that's a lame ass sequence
bro I like that it's not a v of ins but
it's a string I wonder why they had to
do that dude these are stupid sequences
can we get something good expansion of
theta 3 Q over Theta 4 q to the 4th and
powers of
Q all right let's go back up to and
let's just look through the first
hundred or
so so I've already gone through most of
these can I just do
this of course
not how can I just flip through
them kakowski
sequence I hope my code is actually
right and that there isn't like some
weird misalignment between the names
file and the URL
well I mean they're the same length and
the code was so simple it's probably
fine but God would that be annoying I
guess I could check I could just iterate
the sequences
uh what are all these part files
hopefully they'll get
resolved it probably will get
resolved oh [__]
it's a
503 son of a
[__]
I'm just going to email NJ Sloan bro
guys should I do that that's hype I'm
GNA write him an
email let's just do
webcam all right I'm going to Gmail and
I'm going to write them an
email
for
that's
[Music]
who is this guy rscs switch.com
oh wow he's the co-creator of go that's
really interesting and I'm just going to
email this guy
bro oh he lives in
Cambridge should I just go knock on his
door bro that is so
funny
for
all right I guess that's probably the
end of the stream so let me just close
my all
right I can't believe that hold on let's
go back to normal let's undo this I
can't believe that uh hold on I want to
um screenshot
this mail questions to uh Russ Cox and
NJ Sloan you're crawling too fast that's
you know that's cool for me so you know
we got through um how many do we
actually get through
I the thing is I really like don't want
to spam the oeis server because you know
it costs some money like
um it's not like I don't know some other
site where I really don't like Google
like if I made 300,000 HTTP queries to
Google that's like a drop in the bucket
but the oeis is a pretty small service
and you know I don't want to be a burden
I just want the
sequences you know what all right we'll
write some code
to generate a
graph
um
do we not have it
enabled I want to use rust for this but
I feel like there's way fewer algorithms
in
Rust now we got to wait for the language
server to
start
dude what a [__] what a cck bro new
resolution is to stop posting on Twitter
because I don't like
El now I have to go to this thing called
hacky
durm and the last time he posted was
when
that's so
annoying all right well I emailed him so
hopefully he'll get back to
me
dude I don't want to be one people just
posting on Twitter like a [__] loser
bro I get
it should I create
account don't be a dick no hacking no
violence okay
fine oh
wait wait no see why do I do this it's
like I
have
dumbass I just want to reach out to him
so that you
know
okay I guess I have a [__] Mastadon
now because this guy Russ Cox is a total
[__]
that's
all right now you guys can see the
message I'm writing hey Russ uh hope
this is a good way to reach you in case
my emails F through the cracks I got a
message that I was crawling the OES too
quickly and that I should contact you
and Neil I am trying to
uh download the Json for every sequence
which I was unable to find a zipped bulk
download
for the purpose is to create a
graph where X refs are
edges um do you know how I
could
um
I could just add some
sleep statements in my
code
but I'm wondering if there's
a a way without causing too much
server
burden
thanks can I make this
uh let me try to do mention
RSC I I don't know how how to use
[__] masted
on all
right I guess I have to check
this
okay I don't want to spam them but
uh I guess that's the end should we just
try it one more time let's just see
what's going on well okay before I do
that let
me do
this okay we're going to do this I'm
getting a phone call what's up what's up
my hacky
[Music]
Derm can I pick you up and come to my
house if you drive me
home avable I'll pay for the
Uber my headache's really bad really
that
sucks damn they're getting me migraine
medication and if but they have to
special order it so it won't be here
till tomorrow and if that doesn't work
then we have to do a CT scan which she
doesn't want to do because of the
radiation but because we can't figure
out what's wrong without that if the
migraine doesn't go away with the
medication oh that
sucks
we sorry we did a big project today and
it was we did sewing and it was just an
absolute
disaster
oh yeah
yeah I'm so overwhelmed Cassy was
helping me we were so overwhelmed it was
just so much and it's not like I
threaded 30
needles and I made 30 little bags of
fluff to alleviate that stress of
threading and and getting fluff right so
the kids can take it home
they just kept nodding it and they you
know I I tried to explain to them you
have to go in the order of the holes for
KN and you have to go the same way that
it's coming out you have to go back in
and they just it's so hard for them but
I'm supposed to be helping them with
their F motor skills so it's you
know it's just a
lot how the [__] do I push this
thing but did you see my
yeah I did it was really
funny yeah create Fork Fork already
exists what the
[__] I also think it promot your video I
sound to see I doctor this
morning diabetic
doctor they're moving me on to an adult
doctor soon which is
fun oh
cool but yeah it kind of sucks this is
the doctor I've had I see like every six
months since I was five I'm
Miss yeah that sucks okay wait I I'm
like so close to doing something what am
I trying to do
here okay well I'll I'll listen my music
and I'll see you in I'll be there in 29
minutes please don't make me count upair
my head really
hurts okay put an alarm on 25 minutes
now
okay bye
bye okay
Google okay
Google okay Google why does it never
work I don't understand it it's like
it's like it's trying to [__] piss me
off it's like like it only works
in Okay
Google Okay
Google this guy is so [__] stupid
okay
Google bro I swear they they like
they're like we do cutting AI research
my uncle's like we're the best Google is
the best we make the best
[__] yeah then why does this never work
huh okay
Google give me a [__] break
bro set a timer for 25
minutes got to hold down the [__]
button like I'm an [__] give me a
break busting my ass for nothing okay
wait I got to go to my
Fork what
no it's
view dude I don't give a
[__]
does it even have my commits on
it see what are the
diffs that looks like code that looks
like a diff made by GPT buddy all right
so what are we doing we're going to try
to run it one more
time we're going to see what's
up
what oh yeah all right we're going to
try to run it one more
time
okay
and all right cool so we're just going
through all the
skips going through the skips all right
we're and then we want to see whether or
not dude I really like this thing though
I really like
it all right so we did 15,000
already is my thing
working okay
Google it's just it's just like come on
why not
work
okay so we need to delete all the part
files but that should be
okay all right we'll see how far I
get I'll have to remember to check
this I don't really get mastedon and I
don't really care to to be
honest
Mastadon seems like it's for absolute
losers bro [__] add me on
Mastadon what am I some kind of
[__]
Jesus are there a lot of part
files okay well whatever we can go back
to
this
why is it so slow
dude all
right cool okay so now what we want to
do
is
lordy lordy
lordy
dude my computer is really slow right
now I mean I did spawn like 16 threads
so I guess it's my fault dude no why
can't I backspace that's actually
stupid oh you know what it was trying to
it was trying to do some
nonsense
all right this should work
sum uh wol frame
Alpha this number of
bytes it's only 60
megabytes
we have to do a check though we're going
to have to write some code to health
check this thing but whatever for let's
just let's just make a graph of the
first
1,000
um okay
so okay all right now we got to kill
it all right fine how far did we
get we're up to 30,000
whoa whoa that's pow show you can
actually do that onek that's kind of
cool it's got units built into
it
okay yeah that's pretty
good okay now why is everything slow
nothing should be slow now because I
turned everything
off what
happened dude what is actually slow what
is so slow my
God
okay oh [__]
we need to make a directed graph G is
equal
directed graphs. Direct
diagraph there we
go
okay
um right and so then
uh just take the first one for
example okay so yeah so uh J
do dude they come on they still haven't
done
this
okay we could get the name but I don't
really care about the name
uh can I do
this I think it's property names right
right all right we got to go to
the
top
okay wait so write a
Julia Rex to
identify
these oeis
uh a
numbers
okay
for every node you go through and
you just write the [__] code
[__]
[__] you know I'm the goat yeah
yeah yeah you know I'm the goat is it
faster to make it to construct it a set
I don't
know dude I don't know why my computer
is so
[Music]
slow it's probably because there's a
whole bunch of [__] extensions being
douchebags
oh
do this
work
okay so then these are the edges that
you need to
add
okay pretty
easy I need some [__]
water think I'm going to have to leave
pretty soon not the worst um
stream we're we're almost there I want
to plot a
graph
for
o o
okay so um okay so we have this code
now um wait
actually
um the number okay wait hold on
so we have
okay cool all right
so nice that's very cool okay so that
means that we can
do g. add or add
vertices
G1000
okay then so now we
have for e in
edges these are actually
the re uh really the out
neor okay so then what we want to oh iy
Dy um okay so this is what we want to do
we want to
take out neighbor IDs is equal to
um this is
um
what bro giving me
cancer okay wait hold
on
um right okay so then
um so wait so we but you need to um
so wait so what's our
number set
diff
edges or wait hold
on
what oh
L
okay
wait can you do uh this okay anyway so
all right so we have this
now uh so we already did this
uh
okay oh [__] it's I have no time okay um
um so now what we're going to do is
for o n in on
um add
edge
G
ID
on
Okay cool so now all we need to
do
is didn't we Define these functions
right so this we have this up
here we have
um yeah okay function get
refs from
J or
yeah
and then you return the a
codes okay so we move this we can
evaluate it then we can move it
up okay what else did we
do we Define this
function I probably could had GPT do
this but whatever sometimes I actually
like
thinking but sometimes when it's just
like multi-threaded [__] it's like
you know what I don't I don't really
give a [__] because it's not what I'm
trying to
do
um Okay cool so we're going to start
this over again wait yeah see how it I
must have run that
twice it's the first of the month so
we're going to start we're going so we
get all this this pattern which we
use
okay
so this we don't
need [__] damn
it
okay um
okay get
on from a
j so what are these
idas okay okay
so yeah okay so we'll give it a we'll
give it a prerequisite set to filter
on then these a
codes real trap
[__] real trap
[__]
real trap [__] okay so now get on of
J wait do I have
J's get J
js2 what
really oh
um yeah cuz the ID calculation was
stupid how did we get the
ID
I'm
geeking
[__]
I feel like there's still something
silly going
on yeah what is this no what is this
everything
seems okay all right whatever we got to
end the stream we're close to a graph
but we're not all the way there I'll do
it in another
stream